add info about equality, hashes, and help text (#69)
JuliaStrings/InlineStrings.jl: README.md

To generically turn any string into the smallest possible InlineString type,
call `InlineString(x)`. To convert any iterator/array of strings to a single,
promoted `InlineString` type, the `inlinestrings(A)` utility function is exported.

#### Equality

An inline string is value equal (`==`), but not identical equal (`===`) to the corresponding `String`:

```julia-repl
julia> String15("abc")
"abc"

julia> i = String15("abc")
"abc"

julia> s = "abc"
"abc"

julia> i == s
true

julia> i === s
false
```

#### Dictionaries & Hashes

The hash value of an inline string is the same as it's `String` counterpart. Continuing the above example:

```julia-repl
julia> Dict(s => 1, i => 2)
Dict{AbstractString, Int64} with 1 entry:
  String15("abc") => 2

julia> y[i], y[s]
(2, 2)

julia> Dict(i => 1, i => 2)
Dict{String15, Int64} with 1 entry:
  "abc" => 2

```

> Note how the `Dict` is constructed with only one key-value pair. This is because we've only given the dictionary a single key (`Dict`s use the object's hash as it's underlying key), since `i` and `s` implement the same hash:

Reviewer: i found "constructed with" confusing here. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
Note how the `Dict` is passed two key-value pairs but the result contains only one. 
This is because we've only given the dictionary a single key (`Dict`s use the object's hash as it's underlying key), since `i` and `s` implement the same hash:
```

Reviewer: Or even just:
```suggestion
Note how the `Dict` contains only one key-value pair. This is because we've only given the dictionary a single key (`Dict`s use the object's hash as it's underlying key), since `i` and `s` implement the same hash:
```
